# DEER Post-Processing Tool
This repository is a Python package for expediting unit energy savings calculations from DEER prototypes.

Created by: Solaris Technical LLC

## Description
Using the simulation results generated by [DEER-Prototype-EnergyPlus](https://github.com/sound-data/DEER-Prototypes-EnergyPlus), this tool simplifies the post-processing method originally used to generate savings per the [Script](https://github.com/sound-data/DEER-Prototypes-EnergyPlus/tree/main/scripts) folder in the DEER-Prototypes-EnergyPlus repository.

This tool is a package which contains a simple graphic user interface, Python script, and SQL queries which perform  package can calculate the final energy savings based on the results produced by result2.py, which is a Solaris script currently used in place of result.py found in the Scripts folder above. 

## Tool Inputs
The tool requires 2 input files as seen in the user interface below:
1. Simdata: this csv file is generated by result2.py
2. Meassure Definition: this csv file is generated manually per eTRM Offering ID table
The tool also requires the following manually inputs as seen in the graphic user interface below:
1. Measure Name: The name/number of the measure package in the format SWXX0XX. (example below uses SWHC012)
2. Measure Type: The type of measure being processed based on the measure end-use. The dropdown options are Cooling Capacity, PTAC/PTHP, Ceiling Insulation, Wall Insulation, Refrigerator/Freezer, and Whole House Fan.
3. Sector: The measure pacakge sector. Dropdown options are Residential and Commercial.
4. Normalizing Unit: The normalizing unit which will be used to normalize the measure savings. Dropdown options are Cap-Tons, Area-ft2-BA, Area-ft2, Household, kWhreduced.
(https://github.com/simularis/deer-ues-tool/blob/main/UI/gooey_1.png)
